QUESTION: 2
A help desk team lead contacts a systems administrator because the technicians are unable to log in to a Linux server that is
used to access tools. When the administrator tries to use remote desktop to log in to the server, the administrator sees the GUI
is crashing. Which of the following methods can the administrator use to troubleshoot the server effectively?
A. SFTP
B. SSH
C. VNC
D. MSRA
Correct Answer ~ B
QUESTION: 3
A company wants to remove information from past users' hard drives in order to reuse the hard drives. Which of the following is
the MOST secure method?
A. Reinstalling Windows
B. Performing a quick format
C. Using disk-wiping software
D. Deleting all files from command-line interface:
Correct Answer ~ C
QUESTION: 4
A user is having phone issues after installing a new application that claims to optimize performance. The user downloaded the
application directly from the vendor's website and is now experiencing high network utilization and is receiving repeated security
warnings. Which of the following should the technician perform FIRST to mitigate the issue?
A. Reset the phone to factory settings.
B. Uninstall the fraudulent application.
C. Increase the data plan limits.
D. Disable the mobile hotspot.
Correct Answer ~ B
QUESTION: 5
A change advisory board just approved a change request. Which of the following is the MOST likely next step in the change
process?
A. End user acceptance
B. Perform risk analysis
C. Communicate to stakeholders
D. Sandbox testing
Correct Answer ~ A
QUESTION: 6
A user calls the help desk to report that none of the files on a PC will open. The user also indicates a program on the desktop is
requesting payment in exchange for file access. A technician verifies the user's PC is infected with ransomware. Which of the
following should the technician do FIRST?
A. Scan and remove the malware.
B. Schedule automated malware scans.
C. Quarantine the system.
D. Disable System Restore.
Correct Answer ~ C
QUESTION: 7
A company is issuing smartphone to employees and needs to ensure data is secure if the devices are lost or stolen. Which of
the following provides the BEST solution?
A. Anti-malware
B. Remote wipe
C. Locator applications
D. Screen lock
Correct Answer ~ B
QUESTION: 8
A user reports seeing random, seemingly non-malicious advertisement notifications in the Windows 10 Action Center. The
notifications indicate the advertisements are coming from a web browser. Which of the following is the BEST solution for a
technician to implement?
A. Disable the browser from sending notifications to the Action Center.
B. Run a full antivirus scan on the computer.
C. Disable all Action Center notifications.
D. Move specific site notifications from Allowed to Block.
Correct Answer ~ B
QUESTION: 9
After clicking on a link in an email, a Chief Financial Officer (CFO) received the following error:
The CFO then reported the incident to a technician. The link is purportedly to the organization's bank. Which of the following
should the technician perform FIRST?
A. Update the browser's CRLs.
B. File a trouble ticket with the bank.
C. Contact the ISP to report the CFO's concern.
D. Instruct the CFO to exit the browser.
Correct Answer ~ D
QUESTION: 10
A help desk technician is troubleshooting a workstation in a SOHO environment that is running above normal system baselines.
The technician discovers an unknown executable with a random string name running on the system. The technician terminates
the process, and the system returns to normal operation. The technician thinks the issue was an infected file, but the antivirus is
not detecting a threat. The technician is concerned other machines may be infected with this unknown virus. Which of the
following is the MOST effective way to check other machines on the network for this unknown threat?
A. Run a startup script that removes files by name.
B. Provide a sample to the antivirus vendor.
C. Manually check each machine.
D. Monitor outbound network traffic.
Correct Answer ~ C
QUESTION: 11
A laptop user is visually impaired and requires a different cursor color. Which of the following OS utilities is used to change the
color of the cursor?
A. Keyboard
B. Touch pad
C. Ease of Access Center
D. Display settings
Correct Answer ~ C
QUESTION: 12
A manager reports that staff members often forget the passwords to their mobile devices and applications. Which of the
following should the systems administrator do to reduce the number of help desk tickets submitted?
A. Enable multifactor authentication.
B. Increase the failed log-in threshold.
C. Remove complex password requirements.
D. Implement a single sign-on with biometrics.
Correct Answer ~ D
QUESTION: 13
A technician suspects a rootkit has been installed and needs to be removed. Which of the following would BEST resolve the
issue?
A. Application updates
B. Anti-malware software
C. OS reinstallation
D. File restore
Correct Answer ~ C
QUESTION: 14
A technician is setting up a SOHO wireless router. The router is about ten years old. The customer would like the most secure
wireless network possible. Which of the following should the technician configure?
A. WPA2 with TKIP
B. WPA2 with AES
C. WPA3 with AES-256
D. WPA3 with AES-128
Correct Answer ~ B
QUESTION: 15
A technician is troubleshooting an issue involving programs on a Windows 10 machine that are loading on startup but causing
excessive boot times. Which of the following should the technician do to selectively prevent programs from loading?
A. Right-click the Windows button, then select Run... entering shell:startup and clicking OK, and then move items one by one to
the Recycle Bin.
B. Remark out entries listed HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE>SOFTWARE>Microsoft>Windows>CurrentVersion>Run.
C. Manually disable all startup tasks currently listed as enabled and reboot, checking for issue resolution at startup.
D. Open the Startup tab and methodically disable items currently listed as enabled and reboot, checking for issue resolution at
each startup.
Correct Answer ~ D
QUESTION: 16
A call center technician receives a call from a user asking how to update Windows. Which of the following describes what the
technician should do?
A. Have the user consider using an iPad if the user is unable to complete updates.
B. Have the user text the user's password to the technician.
C. Ask the user to click in the Search field, type Check for Updates, and then press the Enter key.
D. Advise the user to wait for an upcoming, automatic patch.
Correct Answer ~ C
QUESTION: 17
When a user calls in to report an issue, a technician submits a ticket on the user's behalf. Which of the following practices
should the technician use to make sure the ticket is associated with the correct user?
A. Have the user provide a callback phone number to be added to the ticket.
B. Assign the ticket to the department's power user.
C. Register the ticket with a unique user identifier.
D. Provide the user with a unique ticket number that can be referenced on subsequent calls.
Correct Answer ~ D
QUESTION: 18
Which of the following is the MOST important environmental concern inside a data center?
A. Battery disposal
B. Electrostatic discharge mats
C. Toner disposal
D. Humidity levels
Correct Answer ~ D
QUESTION: 19
A user is unable to log in to the network. The network uses 802.1X with EAP-TLS to authenticate on the wired network. The
user has been on an extended leave and has not logged in to the computer in several months. Which of the following is causing
the log-in issue?
A. Expired certificate
B. OS update failure
C. Service not started
D. Application crash
E. Profile rebuild needed
Correct Answer ~ A
QUESTION: 20
A technician needs to format a USB drive to transfer 20GB of data from a Linux computer to a Windows computer. Which of the
following filesystems will the technician MOST likely use?
A. FAT32
B. ext4
C. NTFS
D. exFAT
Correct Answer ~ C
QUESTION: 21
Following the latest Windows update, PDF files are opening in Microsoft Edge instead of Adobe Reader. Which of the following
utilities should be used to ensure all PDF files open in Adobe Reader?
A. Network and Sharing Center
B. Programs and Features
C. Default Apps
D. Add or Remove Programs
Correct Answer ~ C
QUESTION: 22
A technician needs to exclude an application folder from being cataloged by a Windows 10 search. Which of the following
utilities should be used?
A. Privacy
B. Indexing Options
C. System
D. Device Manager
Correct Answer ~ B
QUESTION: 23
As part of a CYOD policy, a systems administrator needs to configure each user's Windows device to require a password when
resuming from a period of sleep or inactivity. Which of the following paths will lead the administrator to the correct settings?
A. Use Settings to access Screensaver settings.
B. Use Settings to access Screen Timeout settings.
C. Use Settings to access General.
D. Use Settings to access Display.
Correct Answer ~ A
QUESTION: 24
A technician is working with a company to determine the best way to transfer sensitive personal information between offices
when conducting business. The company currently uses USB drives and is resistant to change. The company's compliance
officer states that all media at rest must be encrypted. Which of the following would be the BEST way to secure the current
workflow?
A. Deploy a secondary hard drive with encryption on the appropriate workstation.
B. Configure a hardened SFTP portal for file transfers between file servers.
C. Require files to be individually password protected with unique passwords.
D. Enable BitLocker To Go with a password that meets corporate requirements.
Correct Answer ~ D
QUESTION: 25
The command cat comptia.txt was issued on a Linux terminal. Which of the following results should be expected?
A. The contents of the text comptia.txt will be replaced with a new blank document.
B. The contents of the text comptia.txt would be displayed.
C. The contents of the text comptia.txt would be categorized in alphabetical order.
D. The contents of the text comptia.txt would be copied to another comptia.txt file.
Correct Answer ~ B
QUESTION: 26
An incident handler needs to preserve evidence for possible litigation. Which of the following will the incident handler MOST
likely do to preserve the evidence?
A. Encrypt the files.
B. Clone any impacted hard drives.
C. Contact the cyber insurance company.
D. Inform law enforcement.
Correct Answer ~ B
QUESTION: 27
A technician needs to recommend the best backup method that will mitigate ransomware attacks. Only a few files are regularly
modified; however, storage space is a concern. Which of the following backup methods would BEST address these concerns?
A. Full
B. Differential
C. Off-site
D. Grandfather-father-son
Correct Answer ~ B
QUESTION: 28
A technician is troubleshooting a customer's PC and receives a phone call. The technician does not take the call and sets the
phone to silent. Which of the following BEST describes the technician's actions?
A. Avoid distractions
B. Deal appropriately with customer's confidential material
C. Adhere to user privacy policy
D. Set and meet timelines
Correct Answer ~ A
QUESTION: 29
A technician needs to transfer a large number of files over an unreliable connection. The technician should be able to resume
the process if the connection is interrupted. Which of the following tools can be used?
A. sfc
B. chkdsk
C. git clone
D. robocopy
Correct Answer ~ D
QUESTION: 30
A company installed a new backup and recovery system. Which of the following types of backups should be completed FIRST?
A. Full
B. Non-parity
C. Differential
D. Incremental
Correct Answer ~ A
QUESTION: 31
A user's smartphone data usage is well above average. The user suspects an installed application is transmitting data in the
background. The user would like to be alerted when an application attempts to communicate with the internet. Which of the
following BEST addresses the user's concern?
A. Operating system updates
B. Remote wipe
C. Antivirus
D. Firewall
Correct Answer ~ D
QUESTION: 32
A technician has been tasked with installing a workstation that will be used for point-of-sale transactions. The point-of-sale
system will process credit cards and loyalty cards. Which of the following encryption technologies should be used to secure the
workstation in case of theft?
A. Data-in-transit encryption
B. File encryption
C. USB drive encryption
D. Disk encryption
Correct Answer ~ D
QUESTION: 33
A user contacted the help desk to report pop-ups on a company workstation, indicating the computer has been infected with 137
viruses and payment is needed to remove them. The user thought the company-provided antivirus software would prevent this
issue. The help desk ticket states that the user only receives these messages when first opening the web browser. Which of the
following steps would MOST likely resolve the issue? (Choose two.)
A. Scan the computer with the company-provided antivirus software.
B. Install a new hard drive and clone the user's drive to it.
C. Deploy an ad-blocking extension to the browser.
D. Uninstall the company-provided antivirus software.
E. Click the link in the messages to pay for virus removal.
F. Perform a reset on the user's web browser.
Correct Answer ~ CF
QUESTION: 34
A technician is installing new software on a macOS computer. Which of the following file types will the technician MOST likely
use?
A. .deb
B. .vbs
C. .exe
D. .app
Correct Answer ~ D
QUESTION: 35
A technician is investigating an employee's smartphone that has the following symptoms:
-> The device is hot, even when it is not in use.
-> Applications crash, especially when others are launched.
-> Certain applications, such as GPS, are in portrait mode when they should be in landscape mode.
Which of the following can the technician do to MOST likely resolve these issues with minimal impact? (Choose two.)
A. Turn on autorotation.
B. Activate airplane mode.
C. Close unnecessary applications.
D. Perform a factory reset.
E. Update the device's operating system.
F. Reinstall the applications that have crashed.
Correct Answer ~ AC
QUESTION: 36
A customer reported that a home PC with Windows 10 installed in the default configuration is having issues loading applications
after a reboot occurred in the middle of the night. Which of the following is the FIRST step in troubleshooting?
A. Install alternate open-source software in place of the applications with issues.
B. Run both CPU and memory tests to ensure that all hardware functionality is normal.
C. Check for any installed patches and roll them back one at a time until the issue is resolved.
D. Reformat the hard drive, and then reinstall the newest Windows 10 release and all applications.
Correct Answer ~ C
QUESTION: 37
Which of the following could be used to implement secure physical access to a data center?
A. Geofence
B. Alarm system
C. Badge reader
D. Motion sensor
Correct Answer ~ C
QUESTION: 38
The Chief Executive Officer at a bank recently saw a news report about a high-profile cybercrime where a remote-access tool
that the bank uses for support was also used in this crime. The report stated that attackers were able to brute force passwords
to access systems. Which of the following would BEST limit the bank's risk? (Choose two.)
A. Enable multifactor authentication for each support account.
B. Limit remote access to destinations inside the corporate network.
C. Block all support accounts from logging in from foreign countries.
D. Configure a replacement remote-access tool for support cases.
E. Purchase a password manager for remote-access tool users.
F. Enforce account lockouts after five bad password attempts.
Correct Answer ~ AF
QUESTION: 39
A user reports a computer is running slow. Which of the following tools will help a technician identify the issue?
A. Disk Cleanup
B. Group Policy Editor
C. Disk Management
D. Resource Monitor
Correct Answer ~ D
QUESTION: 40
Upon downloading a new ISO, an administrator is presented with the following string:
59d15a16ce90c8ee97fa7c211b7673a8
Which of the following BEST describes the purpose of this string?
A. XSS verification
B. AES-256 verification
C. Hash verification
D. Digital signature verification
Correct Answer ~ C
QUESTION: 41
A user's mobile phone has become sluggish. A systems administrator discovered several malicious applications on the device
and reset the phone. The administrator installed MDM software. Which of the following should the administrator do to help
secure the device against this threat in the future? (Choose two.)
A. Prevent a device root.
B. Disable biometric authentication.
C. Require a PIN on the unlock screen.
D. Enable developer mode.
E. Block a third-party application installation.
F. Prevent GPS spoofing.
Correct Answer ~ AE
QUESTION: 42
A technician is unable to join a Windows 10 laptop to a domain. Which of the following is the MOST likely reason?
A. The domain's processor compatibility is not met.
B. The laptop has Windows 10 Home installed.
C. The laptop does not have an onboard Ethernet adapter.
D. The laptop does not have all current Windows updates installed.
Correct Answer ~ B
QUESTION: 43
Which of the following OS types provides a lightweight option for workstations that need an easy-to-use, browser-based
interface?
A. FreeBSD
B. Chrome OS
C. macOS
D. Windows
Correct Answer ~ B
QUESTION: 44
A user has requested help setting up the fingerprint reader on a Windows 10 laptop. The laptop is equipped with a fingerprint
reader and is joined to a domain.
Group Policy enables Windows Hello on all computers in the environment. Which of the following options describes how to set
up Windows Hello Fingerprint for the user?
A. Navigate to the Control Panel utility, select the Security and Maintenance submenu, select Change Security and Maintenance
settings, select Windows Hello Fingerprint, and have the user place a fingerprint on the fingerprint reader repeatedly until
Windows indicates setup is complete.
B. Navigate to the Windows 10 Settings menu, select the Accounts submenu, select Sign-in options, select Windows Hello
Fingerprint, and have the user place a fingerprint on the fingerprint reader repeatedly until Windows indicates setup is complete.
C. Navigate to the Windows 10 Settings menu, select the Update & Security submenu, select Windows Security, select
Windows Hello Fingerprint, and have the user place a fingerprint on the fingerprint reader repeatedly until Windows indicates
setup is complete.
D. Navigate to the Control Panel utility, select the Administrative Tools submenu, select the user account in the list, select
Windows Hello Fingerprint, and have the user place a fingerprint on the fingerprint reader repeatedly until Windows indicates
setup is complete.
Correct Answer ~ B
QUESTION: 45
An architecture firm is considering upgrading its computer-aided design (CAD) software to the newest version that forces
storage of backups of all CAD files on the software's cloud server. Which of the following is MOST likely to be of concern to the
IT manager?
A. All updated software must be tested with all system types and accessories.
B. Extra technician hours must be budgeted during installation of updates.
C. Network utilization will be significantly increased due to the size of CAD files.
D. Large update and installation files will overload the local hard drives.
Correct Answer ~ C
QUESTION: 46
Someone who is fraudulently claiming to be from a reputable bank calls a company employee. Which of the following describes
this incident?
A. Pretexting
B. Spoofing
C. Vishing
D. Scareware
Correct Answer ~ C
QUESTION: 47
The network was breached over the weekend. System logs indicate that a single user's account was successfully breached
after 500 attempts with a dictionary attack. Which of the following would BEST mitigate this threat?
A. Encryption at rest
B. Account lockout
C. Automatic screen lock
D. Antivirus
Correct Answer ~ B
QUESTION: 48
A user reports a PC is running slowly. The technician suspects it has a badly fragmented hard drive. Which of the following tools
should the technician use?
A. resmon.exe
B. msconfig.exe
C. dfrgui.exe
D. msinfo32.exe
Correct Answer ~ C
QUESTION: 49
A company has just refreshed several desktop PCs. The hard drives contain PII. Which of the following is the BEST method to
dispose of the drives?
A. Drilling
B. Degaussing
C. Low-level formatting
D. Erasing/wiping
Correct Answer ~ B
QUESTION: 50
Which of the following is the MOST cost-effective version of Windows 10 that allows remote access through Remote Desktop?
A. Home
B. Pro for Workstations
C. Enterprise
D. Pro
Correct Answer ~ D
QUESTION: 51
A user created a file on a shared drive and wants to prevent its data from being accidentally deleted by others. Which of the
following applications should the technician use to assist the user with hiding the file?
A. Device Manager
B. Indexing Options
C. File Explorer
D. Administrative Tools
Correct Answer ~ C
QUESTION: 52
A user is configuring a new SOHO Wi-Fi router for the first time. Which of the following settings should the user change FIRST?
A. Encryption
B. Wi-Fi channel
C. Default passwords
D. Service set identifier
Correct Answer ~ C
QUESTION: 53
A technician has spent hours trying to resolve a computer issue for the company's Chief Executive Officer (CEO). The CEO
needs the device returned as soon as possible. Which of the following step should the technician take NEXT?
A. Continue researching the issue.
B. Repeat the iterative processes.
C. Inform the CEO the repair will take a couple of weeks.
D. Escalate the ticket.
Correct Answer ~ D
QUESTION: 54
Which of the following must be maintained throughout the forensic evidence life cycle when dealing with a piece of evidence?
A. Acceptable use
B. Chain of custody
C. Security policy
D. Information management
Correct Answer ~ B
QUESTION: 55
A technician is configuring a SOHO device. Company policy dictates that static IP addresses cannot be used. The company
wants the server to maintain the same
IP address at all times. Which of the following should the technician use?
A. DHCP reservation
B. Port forwarding
C. DNS A record
D. NAT
Correct Answer ~ A
QUESTION: 56
Security software was accidentally uninstalled from all servers in the environment. After requesting the same version of the
software be reinstalled, the security analyst learns that a change request will need to be filled out. Which of the following is the
BEST reason to follow the change management process in this scenario?
A. Owners can be notified a change is being made and can monitor it for performance impact.
B. A risk assessment can be performed to determine if the software is needed.
C. End users can be aware of the scope of the change.
D. A rollback plan can be implemented in case the software breaks an application.
Correct Answer ~ A
QUESTION: 57
Once weekly, a user needs Linux to run a specific open-source application that is not available for the currently installed
Windows platform. The user has limited bandwidth throughout the day. Which of the following solutions would be the MOST
efficient, allowing for parallel execution of the Linux application and Windows applications?
A. Install and run Linux and the required application in a PaaS cloud environment.
B. Install and run Linux and the required application as a virtual machine installed under the Windows OS.
C. Use a swappable drive bay for the boot drive and install each OS with applications on its own drive. Swap the drives as
needed.
D. Set up a dual boot system by selecting the option to install Linux alongside Windows.
Correct Answer ~ B
QUESTION: 58
A user connects a laptop that is running Windows 10 to a docking station with external monitors when working at a desk. The
user would like to close the laptop when it is docked, but the user reports it goes to sleep when it is closed. Which of the
following is the BEST solution to prevent the laptop from going to sleep when it is closed and on the docking station?
A. Within the Power Options of the Control Panel utility, click the Change Plan Settings button for the enabled power plan and
select Put the Computer to Sleep under the Plugged In category to Never.
B. Within the Power Options of the Control Panel utility, click the Change Plan Settings button for the enabled power plan and
select Put the Computer to Sleep under the On Battery category to Never.
C. Within the Power Options of the Control Panel utility, select the option Choose When to Turn Off the Display and select Turn
Off the Display under the Plugged In category to Never.
D. Within the Power Options of the Control Panel utility, select the option Choose What Closing the Lid Does and select When I
Close the Lid under the Plugged In category to Do Nothing.
Correct Answer ~ D
QUESTION: 59
A user attempts to open some files, but a message appears stating that the files are encrypted. The user was able to access
these files before without receiving this message, and no changes have been made within the company. Which of the following
has infected the computer?
A. Cryptominer
B. Phishing
C. Ransomware
D. Keylogger
Correct Answer ~ C
QUESTION: 60
A technician is replacing the processor in a desktop computer. Prior to opening the computer, the technician wants to ensure the
internal components are protected. Which of the following safety procedures would BEST protect the components in the PC?
(Choose two.)
A. Utilizing an ESD strap
B. Disconnecting the computer from the power source
C. Placing the PSU in an antistatic bag
D. Ensuring proper ventilation
E. Removing dust from the ventilation fans
F. Ensuring equipment is grounded
Correct Answer ~ AB
QUESTION: 61
A user wants to set up speech recognition on a PC. In which of the following Windows Settings tools can the user enable this
option?
A. Language
B. System
C. Personalization
D. Ease of Access
Correct Answer ~ D
QUESTION: 62
A user reports that antivirus software indicates a computer is infected with viruses. The user thinks this happened while
browsing the internet. The technician does not recognize the interface with which the antivirus message is presented. Which of
the following is the NEXT step the technician should take?
A. Shut down the infected computer and swap it with another computer.
B. Investigate what the interface is and what triggered it to pop up.
C. Proceed with initiating a full scan and removal of the viruses using the presented interface.
D. Call the phone number displayed in the interface of the antivirus removal tool.
Correct Answer ~ B
QUESTION: 63
A technician found that an employee is mining cryptocurrency on a work desktop. The company has decided that this action
violates its guidelines. Which of the following should be updated to reflect this new requirement?
A. MDM
B. EULA
C. IRP
D. AUP
Correct Answer ~ D
QUESTION: 64
An organization is centralizing support functions and requires the ability to support a remote user's desktop. Which of the
following technologies will allow a technician to see the issue along with the user?
A. RDP
B. VNC
C. SSH
D. VPN
Correct Answer ~ B
QUESTION: 65
A technician installed a known-good, compatible motherboard on a new laptop. However, the motherboard is not working on the
laptop. Which of the following should the technician MOST likely have done to prevent damage?
A. Removed all jewelry
B. Completed an inventory of tools before use
C. Practiced electrical fire safety
D. Connected a proper ESD strap
Correct Answer ~ A
QUESTION: 66
A desktop specialist needs to prepare a laptop running Windows 10 for a newly hired employee. Which of the following methods
should the technician use to refresh the laptop?
A. Internet-based upgrade
B. Repair installation
C. Clean install
D. USB repair
E. In place upgrade
Correct Answer ~ C
QUESTION: 67
The command cac cor.ptia. txt was issued on a Linux terminal. Which of the following results should be expected?
A. The contents of the text comptia.txt will be replaced with a new blank document
B. The contents of the text comptia. txt would be displayed.
C. The contents of the text comptia.txt would be categorized in alphabetical order.
D. The contents of the text comptia. txt would be copied to another comptia. txt file
Correct Answer ~ B
QUESTION: 68
Which of the following provide the BEST way to secure physical access to a data cento server room? (Select TWO).
A. Biometric lock
B. Badge reader
C. USB token
D. Video surveillance
E. Locking rack
F. Access control vestibule
Correct Answer ~ AF
QUESTION: 69
Which of the following OS types provides a lightweight option for workstations thai need an easy-to- use browser-based
interface?
A. FreeBSD
B. Chrome OS
C. macOS
D. Windows
Correct Answer ~ B
QUESTION: 70
A user reports that a PC seems to be running more slowly than usual. A technician checks system resources, but disk, CPU,
and memory usage seem to be fine. The technician sees that GPU temperature is extremely high. Which of the following types
of malware is MOST likely to blame?
A. Spyware
B. Cryptominer
C. Ransormvare
D. Boot sector virus
Correct Answer ~ B
QUESTION: 71
During a recent flight an executive unexpectedly received several dog and cat pictures while trying to watch a movie via in-flight
Wi-Fi on an iPhone. The executive has no records of any contacts sending pictures like these and has not seen these pictures
before. To BEST resolve this issue, the executive should:
A. set AirDrop so that transfers are only accepted from known contacts
B. completely disable all wireless systems during the flight
C. discontinue using iMessage and only use secure communication applications
D. only allow messages and calls from saved contacts
Correct Answer ~ A
QUESTION: 72
A user is unable to log in to the domain with a desktop PC, but a laptop PC is working properly on the same network. A
technician logs in lo the desktop PC with a local account but is unable to browse to the secure intranet site to get
troubleshooting tools. Which of the following is the MOST likely cause of the issue?
A. Time drift
B. Dual in-line memory module failure
C. Application crash
D. Filesystem errors
Correct Answer ~ A
QUESTION: 73
Ann, a CEO, has purchased a new consumer-class tablet for personal use, but she is unable to connect it to the company’s
wireless network. All the corporate laptops are connecting without issue. She has asked you to assist with getting the device
online.
INSTRUCTIONS
Review the network diagrams and device configurations to determine the cause of the problem and resolve any discovered
issues.
If at any time you would like to bring back the initial state of the simulation, please click the Reset All button.
A. See the explanation below:
Correct Answer ~ A
Explanation:
Click on 802.11 and Select ac
Click on SSID and select CORP
Click on Frequency and select 5GHz
At Wireless Security Mode, Click on Security Mode
Select the WPA2
Ann needs to connect to the BYOD SSID, using 2.4GHZ. The selected security method chose should be WPA PSK, and the
password should be set to TotallySecret.
QUESTION: 74
An executive has contacted you through the help-desk chat support about an issue with a mobile device.
Assist the executive to help resolve the issue.
Which of the following should be done NEXT?
A. Educate the user on the solution that was performed.
B. Tell the user to take time to fix it themselves next time.
C. Close the ticket out.
D. Send an email to Telecom to inform them of the Issue and prevent reoccurrence.
Correct Answer ~ A
QUESTION: 75
A user reports that a workstation is operating sluggishly Several other users operate on the same workstation and have reported
that the workstation is operating normally. The systems administrator has validated that the workstation functions normally.
Which of the following steps should the systems administrator most likely attempt NEXT?
A. Increase the paging file size
B. Run the chkdsk command
C. Rebuild the user's profile
D. Add more system memory.
E. Defragment the hard drive.
Correct Answer ~ C
QUESTION: 76
A technician is setting up a desktop computer in a small office. The user will need to access files on a drive shared from another
desktop on the network. Which of the following configurations should the technician employ to achieve this goal?
A. Configure the network as private
B. Enable a proxy server
C. Grant the network administrator role to the user
D. Create a shortcut to public documents
Correct Answer ~ A
QUESTION: 77
A user is experiencing frequent malware symptoms on a Windows workstation. The user has tried several times to roll back the
state but the malware persists. Which of the following would MOST likely resolve the issue?
A. Quarantining system files
B. Reimaging the workstation
C. Encrypting the hard drive
D. Disabling TLS 1.0 support
Correct Answer ~ B
QUESTION: 78
Which of the following Wi-Fi protocols is the MOST secure?
A. WPA3
B. WPA-AES
C. WEP
D. WPA-TKIP
Correct Answer ~ A
QUESTION: 79
HOTSPOT (Drag & Drop is not supported)
Welcome to your first day as a Fictional Company. LLC helpdesk employee. Please work the tickets in your helpdesk ticket
queue.
Click on individual tickers to see the ticket details. View attachments to determine the problem. Select the appropriate issue from
the 'issue' drop-down menu. Then, select the MOST efficient resolution from the 'Resolution' drop-down menu. Finally, select
the proper command or verification to remediate or confirm your fix of the issue from the Verify Resolve drop-down menu.
A. See Explanation section for answer.
Correct Answer ~ A
Explanation:
QUESTION: 80
A department has the following technical requirements for a new application:
The company plans to upgrade from a 32-bit Windows OS to a 64-bit OS. Which of the following will the company be able to
fully take advantage of after the upgrade?
A. CPU
B. Hard drive
C. RAM
D. Touch screen
Correct Answer ~ C
QUESTION: 81
A user reports that the hard drive activity light on a Windows 10 desktop computer has been steadily lit for more than an hour,
and performance is severely degraded. Which of the following tabs in Task Manager would contain the information a technician
would use to identify the cause of this issue?
A. Services
B. Processes
C. Performance
D. Startup
Correct Answer ~ A
QUESTION: 82
A user is having issues with document-processing software on a Windows workstation. Other users that log in to the same
device do not have the same issue.
Which of the following should a technician do to remediate the issue?
A. Roll back the updates.
B. Increase the page file.
C. Update the drivers.
D. Rebuild the profile.
Correct Answer ~ D
QUESTION: 83
Which of the following file extensions are commonly used to install applications on a macOS machine? (Choose three.)
A. .mac
B. .pkg
C. .deb
D. .dmg
E. .msi
F. .appx
G. .app
H. .apk
Correct Answer ~ BDG
QUESTION: 84
Which of the following command-line tools will delete a directory?
A. md
B. del
C. dir
D. rd
E. cd
Correct Answer ~ D
QUESTION: 85
The findings from a security audit indicate the risk of data loss from lost or stolen laptops is high. The company wants to reduce
this risk with minimal impact to users who want to use their laptops when not on the network. Which of the following would BEST
reduce this risk for Windows laptop users?
A. Requiring strong passwords
B. Disabling cached credentials
C. Requiring MFA to sign on
D. Enabling BitLocker on all hard drives
Correct Answer ~ D
QUESTION: 86
A technician receives a ticket indicating the user cannot resolve external web pages However, specific IP addresses
are working. Which of the following does the technician MOST likely need to change on the workstation to resolve the
issue?
A. Default gateway
B. Host address
C. Name server
D. Subnet mask
Correct Answer ~ A
QUESTION: 87
A change advisory board did not approve a requested change due to the lack of alternative actions if implementation
failed. Which of the following should be updated before requesting approval again?
A. Scope of change
B. Risk level
C. Rollback plan
D. End user acceptance
Correct Answer ~ C
QUESTION: 88
A user enabled a mobile device's screen lock function with pattern unlock. The user is concerned someone could
access the mobile device by repeatedly attempting random patterns to unlock the
device. Which of the following features BEST addresses the user's concern?
A. Remote wipe
B. Anti-maIware
C. Device encryption
D. Failed login restrictions
Correct Answer ~ A
QUESTION: 89
A technician at a customer site is troubleshooting a laptop A software update needs to be downloaded but the
company's proxy is blocking traffic to the update site. Which of the following should the technician perform?
A. Change the DNS address to 1.1.1.1
B. Update Group Policy
C. Add the site to the client's exceptions list
D. Verity the software license is current.
Correct Answer ~ A
QUESTION: 90
A systems administrator is setting up a Windows computer for a new user Corporate policy requires a least privilege
environment. The user will need to access advanced features and configuration settings for several applications. Which of
the following BEST describes the account access level the
A. Power user account
B. Standard account
C. Guest account
D. Administrator account
Correct Answer ~ B
QUESTION: 91
A technician is asked to resize a partition on the internal storage drive of a computer running macOS. Which of the
followings tools should the technician use to accomplish this task?
A. Consoltf
B. Disk Utility
C. Time Machine
D. FileVault
Correct Answer ~ B
QUESTION: 92
A technician is asked to resize a partition on the internal storage drive of a computer running macOS. Which of the
followings tools should the technician use to accomplish this task?
A. Consoltf
B. Disk Utility
C. Time Machine
D. FileVault
Correct Answer ~ B
QUESTION: 93
A technician is configuring a new Windows laptop Corporate policy requires that mobile devices make use of full
disk encryption at all limes Which of the following encryption solutions should the technician choose?
A. Encrypting File System
B. FileVault
C. BitLocker
D. Encrypted LVM
Correct Answer ~ A
QUESTION: 94
A wireless network is set up, but it is experiencing some interference from other nearby SSIDs. Which of the
following can BEST resolve the interference?
A. Changing channels
B. Modifying the wireless security
C. Disabling the SSIO broadcast
D. Changing the access point name
Correct Answer ~ A
QUESTION: 95
A company is Issuing smartphones to employees and needs to ensure data is secure if the devices are lost or stolen. Which
of the following provides the BEST solution?
A. Anti-malware
B. Remote wipe
C. Locator applications
D. Screen lock
Correct Answer ~ B
QUESTION: 96
A technician has been tasked with using the fastest and most
secure method of logging in to laptops. Which of the following log-in options meets these requirements?
A. PIN
B. Username and password
C. SSO
D. Fingerprint
Correct Answer ~ A
QUESTION: 97
A user is unable to use any internet-related functions on a smartphone when it is not connected to Wi-Fi When the
smartphone is connected to Wi-Fi the user can browse the internet and send and receive email. The user is also able
to send and receive text messages and phone calls when the
smartphone is not connected to Wi-Fi. Which of the following is the MOST likely reason the user is unable to use the
internet on the smartphone when it is not connected to Wi-Fi?
A. The smartphone's line was not provisioned with a data plan
B. The smartphone's SIM card has failed
C. The smartphone's Bluetooth radio is disabled.
D. The smartphone has too many applications open
Correct Answer ~ A
QUESTION: 98
A call center handles inquiries into billing issues for multiple medical facilities. A security analyst notices that call center
agents often walk away from their workstations, leaving patient data visible for anyone to see. Which of the following should
a network administrator do to BEST prevent data theft within the call center?
A. Encrypt the workstation hard drives.
B. Lock the workstations after five minutes of inactivity.
C. Install privacy screens.
D. Log off the users when their workstations are not in use.
Correct Answer ~ B
QUESTION: 99
A user turns on a new laptop and attempts to log in to specialized software, but receives a message stating that the
address is already in use. The user logs on to the old desktop and receives the same message. A technician checks the
account and sees a comment that the user requires a specifically allocated address before connecting to the software.
Which of the following should the technician do to MOST likely resolve the issue?
A. Bridge the LAN connection between the laptop and the desktop.
B. Set the laptop configuration to DHCP to prevent conflicts.
C. Remove the static IP configuration from the desktop.
D. Replace the network card in the laptop, as it may be defective.
Correct Answer ~ C
QUESTION: 100
Which of the following provide the BEST way to secure physical access to a data center server room? (Choose two.)
A. Biometric lock
B. Badge reader
C. USB token
D. Video surveillance
E. Locking rack
F. Access control vestibule
Correct Answer ~ AF
QUESTION: 101
A technician is installing a new business application on a user's desktop computer. The machine is running Windows
10 Enterprise 32-bit operating system. Which of the following files should the technician execute in order to complete
the installation?
A. Installer_x64.exe
B. Installer_Files.zip
C. Installer_32.msi
D. Installer_x86.exe
E. Installer_Win10Enterprise.dmg
Correct Answer ~ D
QUESTION: 102
Which of the following is the proper way for a technician to dispose of used printer consumables?
A. Proceed with the custom manufacturer's procedure. Most Voted
B. Proceed with the disposal of consumables in standard trash receptacles.
C. Empty any residual Ink or toner from consumables before disposing of them in a standard recycling bin.
D. Proceed with the disposal of consumables in standard recycling bins.
Correct Answer ~ A
QUESTION: 103
Which of the following is an example of MFA?
A. Fingerprint scan and retina scan
B. Password and PIN
C. Username and password
D. Smart card and password
Correct Answer ~ D
QUESTION: 104
A police officer often leaves a workstation for several minutes at a time. Which of the following is the BEST way the
officer can secure the workstation quickly when walking away?
A. Use a key combination to lock the computer when leaving.
B. Ensure no unauthorized personnel are in the area.
C. Configure a screensaver to lock the computer automatically after approximately 30 minutes of inactivity.
D. Turn off the monitor to prevent unauthorized visibility of information.
Correct Answer ~ A
QUESTION: 105
A Chief Executive Officer has learned that an exploit has been identified on the web server software, and a patch is
not available yet. Which of the following attacks MOST likely occurred?
A. rute force
B. Zero day
C. n-path
D. Denial of service
Correct Answer ~ B
QUESTION: 106
Which of the following is a proprietary Cisco AAA protocol?
A. KIP
B. AES
C. RADIUS.
D. TACACS+
Correct Answer ~ D
QUESTION: 107
A homeowner recently moved and requires a new router for the new ISP to function correctly. The internet service
has been installed and has been confirmed as functional. Which of the following is the FIRST step the homeowner
should take after installation of all relevant cabling and hardware?
A. Convert the PC from a DHCP assignment to a static IP address.
B. Run a speed test to ensure the advertised speeds are met
C. Test all network sharing and printing functionality the customer uses.
D. Change the default passwords on new network devices.
Correct Answer ~ D
QUESTION: 108
A technician is setting up a backup method on a workstation that only requires two sets of tapes to restore. Which
of the following would BEST accomplish this task?
A. Differential backup
B. Off-site backup
C. Incremental backup
D. Full backup
Correct Answer ~ A
QUESTION: 109
An Android user contacts the help desk because a company smartphone failed to complete a tethered OS update.
A technician determines there are no error messages on the device. Which of the following should the technician
do NEXT?
A. Verify all third-party applications are disabled.
B. Determine if the device has adequate storage available.
C. Check if the battery is sufficiently charged.
D. Confirm a strong internet connection is available using Wi-Fi or cellular data.
Correct Answer ~ B
QUESTION: 110
A user calls the help desk to report potential malware on a computer. The anomalous activity began after the
user clicked a link to a free gift card in a recent email. The technician asks the user to describe any unusual
activity, such as slow performance, excessive pop-ups, and browser redirections. Which of the following
should the technician do NEXT?
A. Advise the user to run a complete system scan using the OS anti-malware application.
B. Guide the user to reboot the machine into safe mode and verify whether the anomalous activities are still
present.
C. Have the user check for recently installed applications and outline those installed since the link in the
email was clicked.
D. Instruct the user to disconnect the Ethernet connection to the corporate network.
Correct Answer ~ D
QUESTION: 111
While browsing a website, a staff member received a message that the website could not be trusted. Shortly
afterward, several other colleagues reported the same issue across numerous other websites. Remote users
who were not connected to corporate resources did not have any issues. Which of the following is MOST
likely the cause of this issue?
A. A bad antivirus signature update was installed.
B. A router was misconfigured and was blocking traffic.
C. An upstream internet service provider was flapping.
D. The time or date was not in sync with the website.
Correct Answer ~ B
QUESTION: 112
A technician is setting up a new laptop. The company's security policy states that users cannot install virtual machines.
Which of the following should the technician implement to prevent users from enabling virtual technology on their laptops?
A. UEFI password
B. Secure boot
C. Account lockout
D. Restricted user permissions
Correct Answer ~ A
QUESTION: 113
A technician arrives on site to find that two users who have the same model on Android smartphone are having
the same issue with a specific application.Whenever they attempt to launch the application, it fails and gives an
error message. Which of the following should the technician do FIRST?
A. Reinstall the application
B. Roll back the application to the earlier version
C. Clear the application cache
D. Update the OS of the smartphones
Correct Answer ~ D
QUESTION: 114
A technician is working on a Windows 10 PC that is running slowly.Which of the following commands should the
technician use to correct this issue? (Choose two.)
A. dir
B. chkdsk
C. dism
D. ipconfig
E. format
F. diskpart
Correct Answer ~ BC
QUESTION: 115
An administrator is setting up a Windows terminal server. Which of the following settings should the
administrator modify to increase server security? (Choose two.)
A. Change the default access port
B. Enforce password complexity
C. Put the terminal server into the router’s DMZ
D. Disable logon time restrictions
E. Block all unused ports on the LAN smart switch
F. Use the local client certificate for server authentication
Correct Answer ~ CE
QUESTION: 116
A company has hired a new IT firm to manage its network switches and routers. The firm is geographically
separated from the company and will need to able to securely access the devices.Which of the following will
provide the ability to access these devices?
A. Telnet
B. SSH
C. RDP
D. VNC
Correct Answer ~ B
QUESTION: 117
A small office’s wireless network was compromised recently by an attacker who brute forced a PIN to gain
access.The attacker then modified the DNS settings on the router and spread malware to the entire network.
Which of the following configurations MOST likely allowed the attack to take place? (Choose two.)
A. Guest network
B. TKIP
C. Default login
D. Outdated firmware
E. WPS
F. WEP
Correct Answer ~ CE
QUESTION: 118
A client wants a technician to create a PC naming convention that will make the client’s PCs easier to track and
identify while in use.Which of the following naming convention formats should the technician follow?
A. Domain name, location, IP address
B. Domain name, location, asset ID
C. Asset ID, MAC address
D. Location, RFID
Correct Answer ~ B
QUESTION: 119
Which of the following provide the BEST security for a server room? (Choose two.)
A. Badge reader
B. Bollard
C. Biometric lock
D. Cable lock
E. USB token
F. Privacy window shades
Correct Answer ~ AC
QUESTION: 120
Which of the following threats uses personalized information in an attempt at obtaining information?
A. Whaling
B. Impersonation
C. Spoofing
D. Spear phishing
Correct Answer ~ D
QUESTION: 121
A technician receives an invalid certificate error when visiting a website with port 443 enabled. Other computers
on the same LAN do not exhibit this symptom.Which of the following needs to be adjusted on the workstation to
fix the issue?
A. Date and time
B. UEFI boot mode
C. Logon times
D. User access control
Correct Answer ~ A
QUESTION: 122
A department in an organization set up a proxy server to manage its Internet stage. A technician is configuring
the Windows workstations to use the new proxy server.Which of the following Control Panel utilities should the
technician use to configure the setting?
A. Internet Options – Advanced
B. Internet Options – Connections
C. Internet Options – Security
D. Internet Options – Content
E. Internet Options – Privacy
Correct Answer ~ B
QUESTION: 123
Which of the following is the amount of memory a user is limited to with a 32-bit version of Windows?
A. 2GB
B. 4GB
C. 8GB
D. 16GB
Correct Answer ~ B
QUESTION: 124
A technician is working at a help desk firm and receives a call from a user who has experienced repeated
BSODs. The technician is scheduled to take a break just after the call comes in.Which of the following is the
BEST choice for the technician to make?
A. Politely ask the user to call back
B. Ask another technician to take the call
C. Troubleshoot the issue for the user
D. Input the issue as a ticket and escalate to Tier 2
E. Put the user on hold and troubleshoot after the scheduled break
Correct Answer ~ B
QUESTION: 125
A user’s phone contains customer’s PII. The user cannot have the phone automatically wiped because the data
is very valuable.Which of the following is the BEST method of securing the phone?
A. Fingerprint lock
B. Passcode lock
C. Swipe lock
D. PIN lock
Correct Answer ~ A
QUESTION: 126
Which of the following devices are MOST likely to have a grounding wire attached to them based on the
manufacturer’s design? (Choose two.)
A. UPS
B. Server rack
C. PoE phone
D. Desktop printer
E. Modem
F. Patch panel
Correct Answer ~ AB
QUESTION: 127
A technician has just finished installing a secondary OS on a workstation. After rebooting the computer, the
technician receives the following error: No OS found. The technician confirms the boot.ini file is correct. Which of
the following is MOST likely causing this error?
A. The computer has GRUB Legacy installed
B. Windows Startup services are not running
C. An incompatible partition is marked as active
D. An unsupported version of Windows is installed
Correct Answer ~ C
QUESTION: 128
A technician is installing a private PC in a public workspace. Which of the following password practices should
the technician implement on the PC to secure network access?
A. Remove the guest account from the administrators group
B. Disable single sign-on
C. Issue a default strong password for all users
D. Require authentication on wake-up
Correct Answer ~ D
QUESTION: 129
Joe, an employee, took a company-issued Windows laptop home, but is having trouble connecting to any of the
shares hosted on his home media server. Joe has verified he is connected to the Internet.Which of the following
would explain why Joe cannot access his personal shares?
A. An IP conflict is present
B. A corporate VPN is enabled
C. A firewall exception must be set
D. HomeGroup must be enabled
Correct Answer ~ D
QUESTION: 130
A user believes there is a virus on a laptop. The user installs additional real-time protection antivirus software
but is now experiencing extremely slow performance on the laptop.Which of the following should a technician do
to resolve the issue and avoid recurrence?
A. Activate real-time protection on both antivirus software programs
B. Uninstall one antivirus software program and install a different one
C. Run OS updates
D. Enable the quarantine feature on both antivirus software programs
E. Remove the user-installed antivirus software
Correct Answer ~ E
QUESTION: 131
A user who is running Windows XP calls a technician to upgrade the computer to a newer Windows OS. The
user states the computer has only 1GB of RAM and 16GB of hard drive space with a 1.7GHz processor. Which
of the following OSs should the technician recommended to ensure the BEST performance on this computer?
A. Windows 7
B. Windows 8
C. Windows 8.1
D. Windows 10
Correct Answer ~ A
QUESTION: 132
Joe, a customer, has informed a Tier 2 help desk technician that a computer will not boot up. After about ten
minutes of troubleshooting, Joe is increasingly concerned and claims that the technician is wasting his time
because he has already tried everything that has been suggested.Which of the following should the technician
do?
A. Since Joe is concerned about time, suggest calling back later when Joe has more time to troubleshoot
B. Record the call and send it to the local intranet for future technicians to learn how to deal with calls like
this one
C. Ask more open-ended questions to see if the issue can be narrowed down in order to properly identify
the issue and save time
D. Inform the customer that there is a troubleshooting script that must be followed to get the issue
resolved
Correct Answer ~ C
QUESTION: 133
Which of the following security methods BEST describes when a user enters a username and password once
for multiple applications?
A. SSO
B. Permission propagation
C. Inheritance
D. MFA
Correct Answer ~ A
QUESTION: 134
A technician is setting up a kiosk. The technician needs to ensure the kiosk is secure and users will have access
to only the application needed for customer interaction. The technician must also ensure that whenever the
computer is rebooted or powered on it logs in automatically without a password.Which of the following account
types would the technician MOST likely set up on this kiosk machine?
A. Guest
B. Administrator
C. Power User
D. Remote Desktop User
Correct Answer ~ A
QUESTION: 135
A technician has been asked to recommend antivirus software for a home PC, but the user does not want to pay
for a license.Which of the following license types should the technician recommend?
A. Open license
B. Personal license
C. Corporate license
D. Enterprise license
Correct Answer ~ A
QUESTION: 136
Joe, a systems administrator, is setting up a risk management plan for the IT department. Part of the plan is to
take daily backups of all servers. The server backups will be saved locally to NAS.Which of the following can
Joe do to ensure the backups will work if needed?
A. Frequently restore the servers from backup files and test them
B. Configure the backups to restore to virtual machines for quick recovery
C. Set up scripts that automatically rerun failed backup jobs
D. Set up alerts to let administrators know when backups fail
E. Store copies of the backups off-side in a secure datacenter
Correct Answer ~ D
QUESTION: 137
A SOHO customer has recently experienced a major hurricane. The customer has no backups and has lost all
data and hardware associated with the company. The customer calls a contractor to assist in the rebuilding
process and needs suggestions on the best way to prevent this from happening again.Which of the following
recommendations should the contractor give to the customer? (Choose two.)
A. Backup testing
B. Cloud storage
C. Local storage backups
D. Data recovery
E. Hot site
F. Waterproof devices
Correct Answer ~ BE
QUESTION: 138
A technician is running updates on a Windows PC. Some of the updates install properly, while others appear as
failed. While troubleshooting, the technician restarts the PC and attempts to install the failed updates again. The
updates continue to fail.Which of the following is the FIRST option to check?
A. Visit the Microsoft Update website to see if there is an issue with a specific update
B. Look up the error number associated with the failed update
C. Look at the system Event Viewer to find more information on the failure
D. Download the failed update to install manually
Correct Answer ~ B
QUESTION: 139
A technician needs to edit a protected .dll file but cannot find the file in the System32 directory.Which of the
following Control Panel utilities should the technician use?
A. System
B. Display
C. Folder Options
D. Indexing Options
Correct Answer ~ C
QUESTION: 140
A technician has identified malware on a user’s system.Which of the following should the technician do NEXT
according to malware removal best practices?
A. Enable System Restore and create a restore point so no data is lost
B. Educate the user about how to avoid malware in the future
C. Update the antivirus software and run a full system scan
D. Move the infected system to a lab with no network connectivity
Correct Answer ~ D
QUESTION: 141
A user’s Windows laptop has become consistently slower over time. The technician checks the CPU utilization
and sees that it varies between 95% and 100%. After the technician closes some running applications, the CPU
utilization drops to approximately 20%, and the laptop runs much faster. The next day the same user calls again
with the same problem.Which of the following is a tool the technician can use to resolve the issue?
A. Task Manager
B. MSTSC
C. MSConfig
D. PerfMon
Correct Answer ~ A
QUESTION: 142
A user is requesting a solution that will prevent file corruption and ensure a graceful shutdown while providing at
least one hour of uptime in case of extreme weather conditions.Which of the following should a technician
recommend?
A. Uninterruptible power supply
B. Surge protector
C. Power strip
D. Power distribution unit
Correct Answer ~ A
QUESTION: 143
Which of the following installation types would require the use of an answer file to install the OS?
A. Unattended
B. Clean
C. Repair
D. Upgrade
Correct Answer ~ A
QUESTION: 144
A Mac user’s operating system became corrupted, and files were deleted after malware was downloaded. The
user needs to access the data that was previously stored on the MAC.Which of the following built-in utilities
should be used?
A. Time Machine
B. Snapshot
C. System Restore
D. Boot Camp
Correct Answer ~ A
QUESTION: 145
A manager requests remote access to a server after hours and on weekends to check data. The manager
insists on using the server.Before granting the access, which of the following is the MOST important step a
technician can take to protect against possible infection?
A. Create a policy to remove Internet access from the server during off hours
B. Set the local antivirus software on the server to update and scan daily
C. Ensure the server is patched with the latest security updates
D. Educate the manager on safe Internet browsing practices
Correct Answer ~ C
QUESTION: 146
Which of the following installation methods will allow a technician to resolve issues that may arise while the
installation is being performed?
A. Unattended installation
B. Remote installation
C. Repair installation
D. Image deployment installation
Correct Answer ~ D
QUESTION: 147
A new company policy states that all end-user access to network resources will be controlled based on the
users’ roles and responsibilities within the organization.Which of the following security concepts has the
company just enabled?
A. Certificates
B. Least privilege
C. Directory permissions
D. Blacklists
Correct Answer ~ B
QUESTION: 148
A technician receives a phone call regarding ransomware that has been detected on a PC in a remote
office.Which of the following steps should the technician take FIRST?
A. Disconnect the PC from the network
B. Perform an antivirus scan
C. Run a backup and restore
D. Educate the end user
Correct Answer ~ A